Batch mint EVM full chain inscription script
The rules for batch generating wallets, batch printing addresses, and batch printing private keys in this script are exactly the same as metamask. You can import mnemonics into metamask and create multiple accounts in the same order as generated by the script.

Install
Install nodejs
https://nodejs.org/en/download/

Install yarn
First enter the root directory and then execute

npm install -g yarn
yarn install
Configure environment variables
Modify the .env file and fill in all information

Generate mnemonic words
node genMnemonic.js
The generated mnemonic words will be saved in the mnemonic.json file

Print addresses in batches based on mnemonic phrases
node printAddressByMnemonic.js
Print private keys in batches based on mnemonic phrases
node printPrivateKeyByMnemonic.js
Wallet batch generation
The mnemonic phrase based on which the wallet is generated in batches is configured in the .env file. If you want to use the code-generated mnemonic phrase, please find it in the mnemonic.json file and configure it in the .env file.

node genWallet.js
The generated information will be saved in the evm_wallets.json file

Batch transfer
Transfer money to all addresses in the evm_wallets.json file. If you don’t want to use the generated address, just change the format to the address you want to transfer. Just change the address in the evm_wallets.json file.

node transfer.js
Batch mint
Use all addresses in evm_wallets.json to mint. You can add and modify them according to the format. The address and privateKey in the file must be configured correctly.

node mint.js
Quick batch mint
Without actual testing, it is not recommended to use it easily. It is easy to burn gas quickly and the success of mint is not guaranteed.

It does not wait for the transaction results, does not request gas every time, and directly sends the mint request to accumulate nonce. Because the request is too fast and can easily be blocked by the node, causing the script to stop running, it is recommended to build a self-built full node and use this script.

Use all addresses in evm_wallets.json to mint. You can add and modify them according to the format. The address and privateKey in the file must be configured correctly.

node fastMint.js
